added description about index and source type (#4219)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/installation-guide/more-installation-alternatives/splunk/splunk-app.rst

      :align: center
      :width: 100%

>     When the Wazuh app for Splunk is installed, the next step consists on installing and configuring :ref:`Splunk forwarder <splunk_forwarder>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the Wazuh app for Splunk is installed, the next step is installing and configuring :ref:`Splunk forwarder <splunk_forwarder>`.
```

Author: > Updated: 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49887871/131684206-6d0b782a-7830-4ed2-9ac2-96344e1a6b14.png)

> #. In order to configure the index and source type of the app, we must go to *Settings/Index* (view image).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In order to configure the index and source type of the app, go to *Settings/Index* (view image).
```

Author: > Updated:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49887871/131684496-29917e60-713d-4325-a55c-0b8ce31c7049.png)

    The default values are for index ``wazuh`` and for source type ``*``.

    .. note::

>       The Wazuh app considers as valid index all indexes that contain the word ``wazuh`` in the source type, the default value for source type is ``wazuh``.

Reviewer 2: I think it could be better with 
` The Wazuh app considers as valid index all indexes that contain the word ``wazuh`` in the source type, the default value from the installation guide for source type is ``wazuh``

Author: Thanks for the observation now I modify it.

      :align: center
      :width: 100%

    When the Wazuh app for Splunk is installed, the next step is installing and configuring :ref:`Splunk forwarder <splunk_forwarder>`.

#. In order to configure the index and source type of the app, go to *Settings/Index* (view image).

    The default values are for index ``wazuh`` and for source type ``*``.

    .. note::
       The Wazuh app considers as valid index all indexes that contain the word ``wazuh`` in the source type, the default value from the installation guide for source type is ``wazuh``.

    .. thumbnail:: ../../../images/splunk-app/app-index-sourcetype.png
      :title: Index and Source Type configuration
      :align: center
      :width: 100%

>     In the same way we can select our API, Index and Source Type, from the quick menu of configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also select the API, Index and Source Type using the *Quick settings* menu. 
```
